LoSun Huang

00000

DOB: 00/00/0000

cell-phone

primary: 000-000-0000

000-00-0000

0000 N Heaven Rd, Gemstone Valley, Auxunauxia 00000

Emergency contact

Alice Monroe, wife

000-000-0000

Lives with wife and friends: Kenji Nakamori, Zhilakai Ishikawa, Elara Montevideo, Mo Shan Xia, Chaos Void Dragon General: Xaranthys

Currently employed as 

Holy ghost operator

College, Health Degree

Associates

Primary care

Archangel Raphael

Insurance:  Brian T. & Co. aka Philistine Ghost ship


LoSun is a 41 years old Asian American male, reports symptoms of grief induced depression. 6/10 depression for past 2 weeks.

No loss of interest in previously enjoyed activity.

No thoughts of hopelessness, worthlessness or impending doom.

Denies any suicidal ideation.

Denies any homicidal ideation.

Concentration has been average.

Sleep has been average. The sleep amount he is able to obtain has been: ~ 8 hours

No fatigue during the day.

Appetite: slightly lower than average

No major weight change in the past 2 months.

No history of over-eating, anorexia or bulimia in history.

Has not had manic episodes in the past.

5/10 anxiety, has constant worry with difficulty controlling thoughts. No irritability throughout the day. 

No panic episodes in the past. 

No major A/V hallucinations. Has not had paranoid ideations. No history of physical or sexual abuse.
Has been the victim of a crime before: Was mugged at gunpoint. States that he does not recall what happened afterwards.

Earliest age of mental health symptoms was when he was about 6 years ago. Saw psychiatrist in the past about 2 years ago. Was diagnosed with major depression due to grief. Only saw psychiatrist and didn't manage to see psychologist/counselor. No suicidal thoughts in the past. Main stressors include finances, current events and neighborhood safety outside of own block. 



No alcohol

No smoke

no street drugs



Allergies: none



No previous psychiatric hospitalizations



Psychiatric medications: 

currently: None